Add PCS video and clean up some areas (#95)
checkly/docs: quickstarts/playwright-check.mdx

### 2. [Optional] If you're using TypeScript

>   If you're using TypeScript, install the dev dependencies [`jiti`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jiti). Jitti will enable the CLI to bundle your typescript config and test files correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you're using TypeScript, install the dev dependency [`jiti`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jiti). Jiti will enable the CLI to bundle your TypeScript config and test files correctly.
```

The `pw-test` command enables you to run your existing tests in the Checkly infrastructure. Use the `--create-check` flag to create a `checkly.config.ts` file if it doesn't exist. The `checkly.config` will include the necessary configuration to run your Playwright tests as synthetic monitors. and will add the new check.

For example:

```bash
$ npx checkly pw-test --create-check -- --project=chromium
⚠ No Checkly config file found

ℹ Creating a default checkly config file.

Creating Checkly check from Playwright test... ✅
```

Review the resulting check configuration in your `checkly.config.ts` file and make sure to adjust locations and schedule as needed.

```typescript {title="checkly.config.ts"} highlight={8-18}
import { defineConfig } from 'checkly'

const config = defineConfig({
  logicalId: 'playwright-check-suites',
  projectName: 'my-repo-playwright-check-suites',
  checks: {
    playwrightConfigPath: './playwright.config.ts',
    playwrightChecks: [
      {
        logicalId: 'playwright-check-project-chromium', // Playwright Check Suite id
        name: 'Playwright Test: --project=chromium', // Playwright Check Suite name

>         testCommand: 'npx playwright test --project=chromium', // Command to run your tests

Reviewer: shall we add installCommand in here to educate on it? If they want less or more dependencies, this is how they rule over them. 
```suggestion
        installCommand: 'npm install --dev' // Command to install your  code dependencies
        testCommand: 'npx playwright test --project=chromium', // Command to run your tests
```
